README.md, before:

# Logos for projects and websites

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kreier/logo)
![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kreier/logo)

Collect ideas for vector logos as AppIcon and webpage

## Logo for kreier.org

This one was created 2019:

<img src="kreier.org/logo50.png"> <img src="kreier.org/logo60.png">  <img src="kreier.org/logo70.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo40.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo75.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo40o.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo75o.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo80.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo80.svg">

## Logos for the Google Play Store

The design specifications can be found on the developer side for Android:

- [Google Play icon design specifications](https://developer.android.com/distribute/google-play/resources/icon-design-specifications)

The regular icon will be 512x512 32-bit PNG in sRGB. For my two apps I created them:

### Beschleunigungssensor

Developed in December 2015 and finally applying for my first app I also used a free material icon, changes some colors and created this app icon:

<img src="GooglePlayStore/beschleunigung_logo2015.png" width=35%>

### Wificar23

This project from 2024 let's a robot car controlled by a esp8266 be directed with a smartphone giving the instructions.

<img src="wificar24/Wificar24_512.jpg" width=35%>

## Logo for saiht.de

Since 1999 several icons and logos have been used:

<img src="saiht.de/favicon_2003.png"> <img src="saiht.de/favicon_2005.png">  <img src="saiht.de/logo.gif"> <img src="saiht.de/mk2024c.svg" width="15%"> <img src="saiht.de/saihtnet.gif">

### Ideas 2018

<img src="saiht.de/logo18.png" width="20%"> <img src="saiht.de/logo18color.png" width="20%">

### Ideas 2025

<img src="saiht.de/logo25.svg" width="20%"> <img src="saiht.de/logo26color.png" width="20%"> <img src="saiht.de/logo27.svg" width="20%"> 

## Wificar24

It was planned to finally have a working app in the Google Playstore. Yet time was not sufficient, too many projects. Here my logo idea:

<img src="wificar24/Wificar24_512.jpg" width="35%">

Commit message:

Enhance README with webpage links and design specs
Updated the README to include links to personal webpages and added design specifications for Google Play icons.

README.md, after:

# Logos for projects and websites

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kreier/logo)
![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kreier/logo)

Collect ideas for vector logos as AppIcon and for my webpages [kreier.org](https://kreier.org) and [saiht.de](https://saiht.de).

## Update 2026

The [Google Play icon design specifications](https://developer.android.com/distribute/google-play/resources/icon-design-specifications) give some insight on ratios, colors and shapes. The Total asset size is defined as 512x512 pixel, where the product icon keylines fit into a 75% centered part of 384x384 pixel:

<img src="GooglePlayStore/attributes-size.png" width="23%"> <img src="GooglePlayStore/attributes-size-keylines.png" width="23%"> <img src="kreier.org/logo_kreier-org_1024px.png" width="23%">  <img src="saiht.de/icon1024.png" width="23%"> 

For my reference size of 1024x1024 this equals 768 pixels. Above the icons for saiht.de and kreier.org have been updated. The reference color for saiht.de is `#105060`, for kreier.org it is `#324167`.

## Logo for kreier.org

This one was created 2019, with background `#324167`, RGB values of R:50, G:65, B:103 or CMYK values of C:0.51, M:0.37, Y:0, K:0.6.:

<img src="kreier.org/logo50.png"> <img src="kreier.org/logo60.png">  <img src="kreier.org/logo70.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo40.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo75.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo40o.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo75o.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo80.png">
<img src="kreier.org/logo80.svg">

## Logos for the Google Play Store

The design specifications can be found on the developer side for Android:

- [Google Play icon design specifications](https://developer.android.com/distribute/google-play/resources/icon-design-specifications)

The regular icon will be 512x512 32-bit PNG in sRGB. For my two apps I created them:

### Beschleunigungssensor

Developed in December 2015 and finally applying for my first app I also used a free material icon, changes some colors and created this app icon:

<img src="GooglePlayStore/beschleunigung_logo2015.png" width=35%>

### Wificar23

This project from 2024 let's a robot car controlled by a esp8266 be directed with a smartphone giving the instructions.

<img src="wificar24/Wificar24_512.jpg" width=35%>

## Logo for saiht.de

Since 1999 several icons and logos have been used:

<img src="saiht.de/favicon_2003.png"> <img src="saiht.de/favicon_2005.png">  <img src="saiht.de/logo.gif"> <img src="saiht.de/mk2024c.svg" width="15%"> <img src="saiht.de/saihtnet.gif">

### Ideas 2018

<img src="saiht.de/logo18.png" width="20%"> <img src="saiht.de/logo18color.png" width="20%">

### Ideas 2025

<img src="saiht.de/logo25.svg" width="20%"> <img src="saiht.de/logo26color.png" width="20%"> <img src="saiht.de/logo27.svg" width="20%"> 

## Wificar24

It was planned to finally have a working app in the Google Playstore. Yet time was not sufficient, too many projects. Here my logo idea:

<img src="wificar24/Wificar24_512.jpg" width="35%">
